I number two this next question is from
ok let's see this is this is from David
Crosby oh ok and in his interview with
you
uh anyway after he was asking me
questions while he will you snap cute
you clip the question I'd click the
question and he was very fired up about
it so let's see what all we had to do it
right
what the hell what what what I totally
don't understand what dark energy or
dark matter are you like you sound angry
with me because I got nobody else
neighbor called my office saying what
the hell is going on with it
mr. it's your job to be able to know
this stuff and i will also got to have
ok so Neil with the help
alright what is dark matter
ok so i'm happy to answer that question
we have no idea
Wow next question we do not know what
dark matter is big problems probably
miss named I know what it is it's but so
what should have called his dark gravity
there's gravity in the universe we have
no idea what's causing it
if you say dark matter that applies its
matter but we don't even know if there
is or is not that but we do know it is
gravity with no known source so it's
dark gravity we can see its gravity we
don't know anything else about it we
can't see it we can taste it
we can't touch it our light doesn't
interact with it it doesn't make spectra
we are clueless
same goes for dark energy dark energy a
mysterious pressure in the vacuum of
space is pressing against the fabric of
the universe making it accelerate in its
expansion against the gravitational
wishes of the galaxies it contains we
are deeply steeped in this ignorance you
combine dark matter and dark energy it
is ninety-six percent of all that drives
the universe and all we really have
command of is that remaining four
percent all the known laws of physics
chemistry biology or in those four
percent